a. Sai Geetha Kandepalli Cherukuru

b. 7283210853

c. In this assignment, I have simulated the system similar to Dijkstra to build map of network topology.
	
d. My code files are serverA.c,serverB.c,serverC.c,serverD.c and client.c.
	serverA.c: ServerA boots up reading its associated neighbor's information and waits on TCP connect for sending
			   its neighbor's information to client. And then it waits on its UDP socket to obtain the information 
			   about network topology
	serverB.c: ServerB boots up reading its associated neighbor's information and waits on TCP connect for sending
			   its neighbor's information to client. And then it waits on its UDP socket to obtain the information 
			   about network topology
	serverC.c: ServerC boots up reading its associated neighbor's information and waits on TCP connect for sending
			   its neighbor's information to client. And then it waits on its UDP socket to obtain the information 
			   about network topology
	serverD.c: ServerD boots up reading its associated neighbor's information and waits on TCP connect for sending
			   its neighbor's information to client. And then it waits on its UDP socket to obtain the information 
			   about network topology
	client.c:  Client listens for requests on TCP and accepts the connection from servers and obtains their 
				respective neighbors information. After receiving the required information, client will compute the 
				adjacency matrix and sends the entire network information to all the servers using UDP socket. Now that client 
				has information about entire network, it computes minimum spanning tree for building a map of network topology 
	
e. TA please use the following commands to run program
	1. make clean 
	2. make
	3. After make, all code file executables are available and are ready to run. So please run the following 5 commands in 5 
	different terminals in the specified order
	 ./serverA 
	 ./serverB 
	 ./serverC
	 ./serverD and 
	 ./client 

f. All the messages between client and server are parsed and exchanged in the string format.

g. No idiosyncrasies in the project. 

h. Referred Prim's Algorithm for computing minimum spanning tree.


